Meeting 3: 05/12/25
Attendees: Divyalakshana, Esal, Franklin
Minutes taken by Franklin.

Summary
The team discussed how we'd like to implement the dropdown and divide the workload. 

Features:
Dropdown (HTML & CSS): Franklin
Dropdown (JS): Divyalakshana
Backgrounds: Each member does their own
SiteImprove Validation: Ashton

Issues raised:
We needed to figure out how to distribute the workload evenly, as well as determining
handling the file structure for our project.

Action items:
Franklin will create HTML and CSS for page layout and dropdown (Due Time: 11:59pm [05/12/2025])
Divyalakshana implements JS for dropdown (Due Time: 11:59pm [05/13/2025])
Create member backgrounds (Due Time: 6:00pm [05/17/2025])